welcome my name is lisa and now i'm
going to talk about
training day
los angeles police department officer
jake hoyt is assigned for an evaluation
headed by detective sergeant alonzo
harris a decorated narcotics officer
alonso is known to be a corrupt cop to
several other narcotics officers who are
also in on the take
alonzo and jake begin the day by
catching some college kids buying
cannabis
confiscating the drugs from the kids
alonso tells jake to smoke it
jake refuses initially but complies when
alonso threatens him at gunpoint
alonso states that refusing like this
while on the streets would easily get
him killed
he tells jake shortly thereafter that
the marijuana was laced and he has
actually consumed pcp after paying a
visit to roger
an ex-cop turned drug dealer jake
notices a pair of addicts attempting to
rape a teenage girl in an alley
jake intervenes while alonso watches
after alonso scares them off jake finds
the girl's wallet on the ground and
retrieves it
later in the day alonso and jake
apprehend a dealer named blue who uses a
wheelchair
they find crack rocks and a loaded
handgun on him
rather than go to jail blue informs on
his associate kevin
sandman miller who is in prison
using a fake search warrant alonso
steals 40 thousand dollars
from sandman's home sandman's wife
realizes the theft and calls out to
nearby gang members
who open fire on alonso and jake as they
flee
at lunch the two visit alonso's mistress
sarah and their young son afterwards
alonso meets with a trio of corrupt
high-ranking police officials he refers
to as the
three wise men aware that the russian
mafia are looking for alonso
they suggest that he skipped town alonso
insists he has
control of the situation and trades
sandman's drug money for an
official arrest warrant using the
warrant
alonso jake and four other corrupt
narcotics officers return to roger's
house and seize four million dollars
from the premises
alonso shoots and kills roger when jake
refuses to do so
jake refuses to be a part of it and when
alonso threatens jake for a second time
jake seizes alonso's shotgun prompting a
mexican standoff with the other officers
alonso tells jake that the lapd will run
a blood test on him which will identify
the pcp-laced cannabis he smoked earlier
and mimics what the local news will say
about jake should he die in the standoff
alonso promises he can falsify this in
exchange for his
cooperation then stages a scenario to
get everyone off the hook while jake
reluctantly agrees
later that evening alonso drives jake to
the home of smiley
a member of the hillside trace a street
gang to run an errand
jake reluctantly plays poker with smiley
and his fellow gang members as he waits
for alonso and smiley relates alonzo's
situation
by midnight alonso must pay 1 million
to the russians for killing one of their
men in las vegas
or be killed himself realizing that
alonso abandoned him and has paid smiley
to kill him
jake attempts to flee but is beaten and
dragged to a bathtub to be
executed a gang member searches jake for
money before he is killed
and finds the wallet of the teenage girl
who happens to be smiley's cousin
after confirming jake's story of how he
had saved her from being raped earlier
that day
smiley allows jake to leave and returns
his gun
jake returns to sarah's apartment to
arrest alonso
but a gunfight in chase ensue alonso
beats jake and as he leaves to pay the
russians jake jumps on top of alonso's
car
causing an accident alonso is subdued
while the entire neighborhood
congregates to watch
in an attempt to get the crowd on his
side alonso offers money to whoever
kills jake
but nobody interferes not even when he
then threatens them with sending them to
prison on trumped-up charges
as alonso reaches for a gun jake shoots
him in the rear and takes the money
along with alonso's badge saying he
doesn't deserve it
the neighborhood gang allows jake to
walk away with the money as an
infuriated alonzo watches
and jake plans to submit it as evidence
against alonso
alonso flees for his life to lax but he
is ambushed and executed by the russians
jake returns home as the press reports
on alonso's death
which mirrors how alonzo pictured the
news would portray jake
thank you all for watching don't forget
to subscribe and hit the bell
notification for more of these videos
you